[expr.unary.op] Fix usage of "result" (#3945)
cplusplus/draft: source/expressions.tex

\pnum
\indextext{expression!unary operator}%
\indextext{operator!unary}%
The unary \tcode{*} operator performs \defn{indirection}.
\indextext{dereferencing|see{indirection}}%

> Its operand shall be a prvalue of type ``pointer to \tcode{T}'',

Reviewer: @jensmaurer: is it a normative change to require that the operand be a prvalue, or was that previously implied by other wording?

Reviewer 2: The descriptions of most operators are unclear whether their operands are prvalues or lvalues.
Anyway, for the dereferencing operator, it's pelucidly clear that it takes a prvalue, always. Maybe the prior text saying "shall be a pointer to an object" could be interpreted as "shall be a pointer value...:", meaning a prvalue of pointer type.

Reviewer: I suppose this is largely inherited from C, where things aren't lvalues unless they're explicitly called out as lvalues.

The normative impact/question is whether there's an lvalue-to-rvalue conversion in something like `*p`. I agree that this can't really be anything else (after all, you need to "load" the pointer value before you can dereference it), but it just feels a tiny bit bold to establish such clarity editorially. Let's proceed optimistically, but let CWG know via email.

Author: @tkoeppe In general, it is CWG1642.

Reviewer: @languagelawyer: thank you!

where \tcode{T} is an object or function type.

> Application of the operator is an lvalue of type \tcode{T}

Reviewer 3: Describing the expression as "Application of the operator" seems a bit unusual. We could make this parallel with the wording change below:
```suggestion
The operator yields an lvalue of type \tcode{T}
```

The unary \tcode{*} operator performs \defn{indirection}:
\indextext{dereferencing|see{indirection}}%
the expression to which it is applied shall be a pointer to an object

> type, or a pointer to a function type and the resulting expression is an lvalue

Reviewer 2: "resulting expression" sounds like a static property, but we're actually talking about the runtime result value (which is an lvalue) here.

> referring to the object or function to which the expression points. If

Reviewer 2: If some renovation is desired here, replacing "expression" with "operand" would probably help. Also, integrating the "pointer to T" phrasing with the preceding "shall be a pointer to object type" rule would probably help.

Maybe something like "The unary * operator performs indirection. Its operand shall be a prvalue of type "pointer to T", where T is an object or function type. The lvalue result of type T refers to the object or function to which the operand points."
